# User Stories

## U1

As Marge (Secretary), I want to input data collected from immigrant interviews into a spreadsheet and upload it to a database so that it could be queried later and reports can be generated by CCS.

## U2

As Marge (Secretary), I want to be able to upload different types of templates to the system so that different types of data can be queried later by the CCS.

## U3

As Marge (Secretary), I want to be able to see the different types of templates available and their respective purposes so that I can choose the appropriate template to given my data.

## U4

As Parker (CCS), I want to be able to generate reports of different organizations so that I can easily read information that will allow me to analyze and find trends in client needs.

## U5

As Parker (CCS), I want to be able to edit data inputted into the system so that I can fix errors in the data.

## U6

As Parker (CCS), I want to be able to privatize client information (i.e. remove client identifiers) so that the organizations will feel comfortable giving their information.

## U7
As Jerome (UTSC), I want to be able to add and remove organizations to the system, so that organizations can join and leave the system.

## U8
As Parker (CCS), I want to be able to add and remove new fields to the database, so that we can always have the most relevant data in our database.

## U9

As Jerome (UTSC), I want to be able to make data corrections to entries with incorrect data or discrepancies so that the information from the database is correct and reliable.

## U10

As Jerome (UTSC), I want to be able to aggregate data from different organizations so that I can generate general reports for a set of organizations.

## U11

As Parker (CCS), I want to be able to add and remove new templates for organizations to follow, so that we can ensure organizations are inputting data that is relevant to us.
