U1: As Marge (counsellor), I want to bulk upload multiple filled Excel templates
to the TEQ data platform so that they can be analysed and used to improve
immigrant services.

U2: As Marge (counsellor), I want to upload different types of templates at the
same time so that I can minimize the time I spend uploading data.

U3: As Marge (counsellor), I want to be notified of any errors in the data that
I am uploading so that I can quickly fix them to prevent incorrect conclusions.

U4: As Carlos (coordinator), I want to see all the pre-set queries that I can
use, and some helpful info about each query so that I know what it does and what
I can use it for.

U5: As Carlos (coordinator), I want to generate basic reports from ISANS data
using pre-set queries so that ISANS and TEQ can view trends and improve their
services.

U6: As Ritu (strategist), I want to create new queries that can be saved as
pre-sets so that less experienced staff can still gain insight from data and
generate reports. 

U7: As Ritu, (strategist), I want to query data based on a list of customizable
variables so that I can tailor my queries to the dataset.

U8: As Parker (analyst), I want direct access to the data without any
abstractions so that I can do my analysis without the limitations and
distractions imposed by pre-configured methods.

U9: As Parker (analyst), I want to compare the data gathered by the
organizations with Census data on immigrants so that I can see trends in
demographics, predict services that will be in high demand and help
organizations meet unmet needs.

U10: As Parker (analyst), I want to examine the ``life cycle'' of a client in an
organization so that I can track the progress of clients and better understand
the reasons why some clients stop coming.

U11: As Jerome (co-op), I want to add new fields and their possible values to
templates uploaded by the organisations, and make those fields available for
analysis so that more data is available, improving the quality of insights.
